Agile FrameWork:

Agile Model/Agile Methodology/Agile Process
--------------------------------------------------
It is an iterative and inceramental approch.
It is an iterative and inceramental process.
In Agile proccess happnes good communication between customer,bussiness anyalysit, developer and tester.


Agile Principles
-----------------
1) Customer no need to wait for long time deliver to whole product.
2) We develop, test and release pice of software to the customer with few number of features(Stories).
3) In agile process accept the customer requirements and implements.

Advantages
------------
1) Requirement/changes are allowed in any stage of developement or we can implement requirement changes in the middleof the development.
2) Realeses will be very fast(weekly)
3) Customer no need to wait for long time deliver to whole product.
4) Good communication between team.
5) It is very easy model to adopt.

Disadvantage
------------
Less focus on design and documentation sice we deliver software very fast.

Scrum
-------
Scrum is framework through which we build software product by following agile principles.
Scrum inculdes group of peoples called as Scrum Team . Normally contains 5-9 members.

1) Product Owner
2) Scrum Master
3) Dev Team
4) QA Team


Roles of Scrum Team
--------------------
Product Owner
            Defines the features of the product
            Prioritize features according to market value 
            Adjust features and priority every iteration ,as need
            Accept or reject work result.

Scrum Master
           The main role is facilitating and driving the agile process.

Developers and QA
           Develop and test the software.

IMP tearms 
-------------

1) User Story : A feature / module in software.

2) Epic : Collection of user story.

3) Product Backlock : Contains list of user strories. Prepared by product owner.

4) Sprint / Iteration : Period of time to complete the user stories, decided by the product owner and Sprint usually 2-4 week of time.

5) Sprint Backlog : List of completed user story  by Dev and QA for specific sprint .

6) Sprint Planning Meeting : Meeting conduct with the team to define what can be deleviered in the sprint and duration.

7) Scrum Meeting : Meeting conducted by the scrum Master everyday 15 mins. called as scrum call/standup meeting.
                   What did you do Yesterday
                   What will you do today
                   Are there any issue to complete your task in your way ?
8) Sprint Restrospective : Conduct meeting after completion of sprint . The entire team , including both the scrum master and the product 
                           owner should be participate .

9) Story Point :  Rough estimation of user stories , will be given by Dev and QA in the form of fibonacci series . 
                  Ex - 0 1 1 2 3 5 8..........
                  1 stroy point = 1 hour / 1 day(6 hours)
                  Login ----> Dev-5   QA-3    = 8 hours / 1 day
10) Burndown Chart :  shows how much work remaining in the sprint. Maintain by the scrum master daily .

11) What is the Agile Ceremonies?
--> An Agile ceremony is an event in the Agile process when your team meets to discuss what their next course of action is.
    The primary focus of an Agile ceremony is to increase communication within an Agile or Scrum team to ensure everyone is on the same page.
   
    1) Sprint Planning Meeting : Meeting conduct with the team to define what can be deleviered in the sprint and duration.

    2) Growming Meeting	       :In growminig meeting disscuss about backlogs(sprint backlogs/product backlogs)
				Backlog grooming is a regular session where backlog items are discussed, reviewed, and
				prioritized by product managers, product owners, and the rest of the team. The primary
				goal of backlog grooming is to keep the backlog up-to-date and ensure that backlog items are prepared for upcoming sprints.
   
    2) Scrum Meeting : 	         Meeting conducted by the scrum Master everyday 15 mins. called as scrum call/standup meeting.
                       		 What did you do Yesterday
                      		 What will you do today
                                 Are there any issue to complete your task in your way ?

    3) Sprint Review Meeting:    Reviewing the goal for the sprint
			         Demonstrating new features implemented during the sprint
		                 Requesting feedback from the stakeholders
			         Discussing work not yet accomplished			

    4) Sprint Restrospective : Conduct meeting after completion of sprint . The entire team , including both the scrum master and the product 
                               owner should be participate .Think about what went well and what could be improved for next time.

 

