A) What will you do if you found defect at the end of sprint?
1)	Being QA, I will start with filing the bug and assign to concern person with max details I can (Title, Description with Steps to reproduce, Platform,
	 Build version, System details where I observed behaviour, Occurrence, Logs, Screenshots if req., Link with Feature/Parent ticket etc)
2)	QA Lead/ Manager/Scrum master i.e. responsible person with authority will analyse the impact of the bug.
4)	After impact analysis, If found blocker team & concern developer will work on it in order to resolve/fix on priority
5)	Being QA we can help in impact analysis & to developer by providing more information. Even helping them & check our other areas if impacted
6)	Based on Severity (Severity is basically a parameter that denotes the total impact of a given defect on any software) and Priority 
	(Priority is basically a parameter that decides the order in which we should fix the defects) Manager/Scrum master or
	 responsible authority will take decision about when to deploy to production, provided its having impact huge on live users
7)	Will contribute again after fixing the bug on various environments available
8)	After testing resolved bug + all scenarios around the bug will flag according to the results of testing)	
B)  Test cases for ATM	
	Verify the ‘ATM Card Insertion Slot’ is as per the specification
	Verify the ATM machine accepts card and PIN details
	Verify the error message by inserting a card incorrectly
	Verify the error message by inserting an invalid card (Expired Card)
	Verify the error message by entering an incorrect PIN
	Verify that PIN is encrypted
	Verify the user is allowed to do only one cash withdrawal transaction per PIN request
	Verify the machine logs out of the user session immediately after successful withdrawal
	Verify the message when there is no money in the ATM
	Verify the language selection functionality
	Verify the cash withdrawal functionality by entering some valid amount
	Verify the cash withdrawal functionality by entering an amount less than 100
	Verify the cash withdrawal functionality by entering an amount greater than the total available balance in the account.
C)  CardPayment merchant test Cases
	UI Test Case – 
1.	Check if all the labels and boxes are visible.
2.	Verify the payment gateway company logo or name
3.	Check if the credit card number is masked or not
4.	Verify that all the payment options are visible

Functional TestCases
1.	Check if each of the payment options is selectable.
2.	Check if the default credit/debit card gets automatically added
3.	Verify that the page does not proceed to the payment page before all the mandatory information is filled.
4.	Check if multiple cards can be saved as default or not.
5.	Verify that the correct currency is reflected on the page.
6.	Verify if multiple payment options are not getting selected. Only one at a time
7.	Check if the payment is not getting proceeded with an expired/blocked card.
8.	Check if the user gets a confirmation message or mail if the payment is successful.
9.	Check if a pop-up appears if the session has expired.
10.	Verify that the user gets information about unsuccessful payments.
11.	Check what happens after the session gets expired. Does the payment still occur?
12.	Check if the pop-up blocker during the payment is functional.

Security Test cases
1.	Verify if the credit card information is in a masked form.	
2.	Verify if the OTP reaches only the verified number linked with the card.
3.	Verify if the transaction gets cancelled if the wrong OTP is entered.
4.	Check if the session gets expired within the specified time.
5.	Verify that the person gets notified if the wrong OTP is entered 


   


